## Hello ##
I'm Blake, and I'm learning how to be a technologist. Well, a new, specific version of a technologist anyway. I've always been a technologist. My early tech experiences include erector sets, electronics tinkering and general analyses of systems. Later I got into computer building and repair, digital media production and tabular data models. Now I'm tackling computer programming. I love the web and I'm looking to leverage it towards empowering people by providing access to quality information. Someday I'll become proficient at writing non-web computer programs too, but for now I'm focused on web development and related tools.   

I'm very interested in getting more experience with testing. I read a comment in one of my programming books that said the only way to know if code really works is if it passes it's tests. This makes a lot of sense to me. I've been learning jest and am aiming to learn how to mock various web server functionality. I have a feeling that I will spend some time in career as a test engineer.  

## This site ##
This site is built with Jekyll and hosted via GitHub pages. Source files are available [here](https://github.com/Blake-Jarsky/blake-jarsky.github.io). It is a work in progress. It is intended to show that I can do some stuff, but also is a sandbox for new things I'm learning. There will be some rough edges here and there. I'm planning on adding some bootstrap elements, a list of links that have been helpful in my learning, a standard contact form, and some design components/techniques (like gradient borders and CSS animations). 
